oh I'm just gonna go did you good haha
Jesus there hey what Watchers on the
watch Ruth on that watch don't you you
mother fucker
there was no reason for that there was
no reason for that
oh yeah he could make it can I jump on
his head why are you trying to kill me
what is the purpose that you're trying
to fucking move out of the way you fuck
yeah I was they did oh you get out of
the way please go grab that the hell Oh
God all right you want to throw throw
over here hey what are you doing huh
there's a dozen Tim over there you want
to throw me over there and see if it
works I don't know if it will but okay
maybe not oh fuck
what is it what did we all wait let me
get this guy hold on Jeff you got a gem
i got a gem
oh fuck i have to wait until the thing
there you yeah I got it I made it you
two I am much smarter oh good okay you
gonna grab that can you grab that I
don't know what the hell this why would
that have to do with that I'll put it up
gonna get the pig I can't get the pig
day I don't understand that
oh wait huh what if you come down here
throw you what get you that can you you
can't fucking do that ah ah how's that
what am I doing with my elbow find it
yeah looks like you owe your arm ow
you almost got me into it yes oh shit
good into it good you did you keep
watching it he squinted that shit what
shit
Mike he's in the Frog no I tried he
stops right there he like he hangs short
of it push that Oh Todd wait oh wait I
have an idea over there and see what
thought no nothing you know dirty that
would be in that shit words that shit
don't I damn it what if I use a fan to
push you use a fan to push me out yeah
genius oh shit hi
what oh this is where you need to push
that go back and push the button go back
and push the button what button the
button no the the button that's up top
shit I have to go back there with you I
think fucking button this one down here
yeah yeah that wouldn't grab it like a
pig go look take the page of the right
jump up there and push that button I
don't think I can do this though I died
fuck what hon just leave that I gotta
get I gotta hurry up I gotta get in get
this level done for the eight plus plus
C see this yeah fuck am I supposed to
get over there though I did it you have
to land on the edge oh there's no what
how the fuck did you do that what you
don't have any skill hold the button
down
let me show you how okay professional
does it Hey here we go ready for this
yeah are you getting right on the corner
Go Go okay good job good job
dog it's all about that nerf gun all
right now it's a nerf gun
nerf the nerf gun yeah got a nerf the
nerf gun please behemoth it should be
overpowered for me after we beat the
game of course well yeah afterwards
which is today maybe you don't know that
I know that when I go ahead and take
another sip of my or Cola Cola v'n there
was only one level no shit ah did you
just commit suicide what the hell now
you're trying to murder me
oh yeah
love it yeah Jenny we're actually sorry
uh-huh we're like perfect uh most of
people doing this game I think or the
equivalent to I think I I think we
should probably change title to speedrun
I think it's already a speedrun by title
though oh all right well then like
people already assume that it's a
speedrun what am I doing with this what
am i if this is how you got over there
hi
what what the fuck how is there a button
around there to push the - okay maybe
there's one up here where the fuck is
there a button where the fuck is there a
button why did I even get that
checkpoint oh my god you're gonna have
to hit a button come I go over here no
no no yeah oh thank you okay hey I don't
know what that wasn't me don't say thank
you to me don't say thank you to me all
right
I need you over here you look at you go
you tried to push me nope
it's the onion cannon you tried to push
me you did you tried to push me I don't
know it and now I have an army oh shit
now I have an army
dude this is fucked up meet my uh my
army of gentleman frogs castle you could
toss me now thank you
oh don't do that
there's still over here don't my own
frog hit me Oh kind of fucked up spawn
as that that's like one of the best
funds can you press the button please
looking forward I don't see any fucking
buttons for one there's a button over
here oh shit yeah I don't know if that
was a good idea it's like we can't get
any of these until we find this button
they're all locked every single one of
them yet ah it's down there
wha-wha-what can you explain to me what
the hell that was
please I drown what the fuck was that
Oh God oh good I drown in water oh all
right all right I can do this this time
you me to help you with it I got it
where is it is it this is this it oh
fuck me what is oh never we have to
probably no but we have to prep no but
we have to probably get over this in
order to get over there yes to this Wow
now we have to go all the way oh good
great boys
yeah ha ha ha ha that what the fuck you
literally have to go this entire level
all over again
fuck me
oh god no yes all right fucking go I'm
dropping these out on dropping bombs
dropping bombs why are you trying to hit
me I'm not trying to do anything it
looked like you were trying to hit me
look like you were trying to hit me
great all right Oh
oh there it is ah I had to die for it
pretty fancy what oh yeah I had novel
nothing to do with me
oh god I made it in I know what I'm
doing you have to get over there oh do
it oh great do it all right
look do you want to like quick jump for
it of what the fuck did you do
you guys gonna save my life James how
fuck am I supposed to like save your
life if you're gonna go it's a fuckin
sinking ship god damn it ah okay I made
it I just oh okay I did make it am I
going the right way no I'm not okay
doing I don't know what I'm doing fuck
oh fuck you can get up there on your own
oh my you know I like Oh from there yes
ah what I made it oh fuck fuck me it's
some day maybe on me fucking god damn it
I got one there was what hidden up there
so myself I don't wanna deal with this
world yeah what oh good
yeah I got another one oh great what are
you doing over there
oh this is where spawn okay I'm a
fucking master fucking speedrun
featuring you know michelle is done yeah
do it
hey where you put me oh oh you were
right there look what you put yourself
now we can't get back down we have to go
all the way back around because you did
that no didn't work Oh didn't work
would you stop god this is your fuckup
right now this is your fuckup the
fucking song thing is on the oh my god I
can't you have to go through the entire
oh my god what really we go through the
entire level all over again
oh really yes because of you
ah you fucked this up you did I don't
know how I could have done that are you
fucking kidding me how do I get out oh
my god I don't understand how this shit
again Oh Oh No but I thought that no I
thought that we made it thank God
yeah we were there we were there and I
was just there
but then the game fuck me I'm dying
more than what I should be now because
of you ah why did you have to do this to
us why you understand that we will never
get a + + now yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm
sorry I didn't I didn't think that this
was gonna happen
it completely came out of nowhere nice
fucking dad nice fucking dad are you
killing me
came out of nowhere no like the level it
reset I think I think we found a glitch
you think yeah should you report it I'm
gonna I'm gonna go on the website that's
what you're asking
ah you're gonna go buy your last weapon
yes I am
my last weapon there it is there it is
there all right
okay there it is oh there it is there it
is I'm trying to buy myself a face yeah
can you not I you have many faces stop
you have many faces
fucking knock it off can you can you not
do that though see where they're at up
there I'll buy one
Hey look at that shit that what stop oh
look there's the counters head oh look
at it you got the same one as me that's
that's cheap hey get inquisitive guy
inquisitive guy he goes smoothly some
bacon and eggs as his face that's taking
the next guy dude ah
you fucker Oh looks like I got all the
squares how do you know cuz it won't let
me buy anymore seriously yeah I'm so
circles ill what the hell I can't buy
circles or squares oh you sure yeah I
was gonna say you just don't have enough
money you idiot
let's go you're making me depressed
what how come they cost so much though
that they were like 10 before now
they're like 15 now they were always
shouting man hell do you want if you
want to discuss price remember better
time then you need to talk to the
behemoths about it okay all right well
speaking of which gun ours
gaming glasses comfortable fit for all
of your gaming needs you can see really
good and
you can also wear them on your face and
you can show that I shut up that you're
cool you're not even being paid to do
that
okay I don't know what your deal is with
this free promotion okay okay cut that
shit out
sorry drink vanilla coke can you put the
website that are now with the
description
can you put vanilla coke in your
description and you put Arrowhead water
and your description can you put Lipton
iced tea in your description maybe
Starbucks fuck I drowned Oh think I died
hey I just opened we can leave don't
there's still more to be had
fuck